Machine learning is a way of taking data and turning it into insights. We use a computer power to analyze examples from
the pat to build a model that can predict the rsult for new examples.
We encounter machine learning models every day. For example, when Netflix recommends a show to you, they used a model 
based on what you and other users have watched to predict what you would like. When Amazon chooses a price for an item,
they use a model based on how similar items have sold in the past.
We will learn several techniques for solving machine learning problems.
One of the most common language used by Machine Learning professionals is Python.
We will be use several Python packages that are helpful in solving Machine Learning problems. 
We will be using PANDAS, NUMPY, MATPLOTLIB and SCIKIT-LEARN.
PANDAS is used for reading data and data manipulation.
NUMPY is used for computations of numerical data.
MATPLOTLIB is used for graphing data.
SCIKIT-LEARN is used for machine learning models.
Each of these packages is quite extensive, but we will also review the functions we will be using.
We will also review some basic statistics as it is the foundation of machine learning.
In Machine Learning, we talk about SUPERVISED and UNSUPERVISED learning. SUPERVISED learning is when we have a know 
on past(for example, predicting what price a house will sell for) and UNSUPERVISED learning is when there isn't a know
past answer(for example, determining the topics discussed in restaurant reviews).

We will be focusing on SUPERVISED learning, Within SUPERVISED learning, there are CLASSIFICATION and REGRESSION problems.
REGRESSION is predicting a numerical value (for example, predicting what price a house will sell for) and CLASSIFICATION
is predicting class something belongs to (for example, predicting if a borrower will default on their loan).

We'll be focusing on CLASSIFICATION problems. 
These are problems where we're predicting which class something belongs to.

Our example will include :
-Predicting who would survive the Titanic crash ;
-Determining a handwritten digit from an image ;
-Using biopsy data to classify if a lump is cancerous.

We will be using a number of popular techniques to tackle these problems. We will get into each of them in more detail in
upcoming modules:
- Logistic Regression 
- Decision Trees 
- Random Forests
- Neural Networks

At the end of this course, you'll be abble to take a classification dataset and use Python to build several different 
models to determine the best model for the given problem.


Machine Learning can be used to solve a broad range of problems. This course will focus on SUPERVISED Learning and CLASSIFICATION.
